Support inserting into compressed chunks (#74)
timescale/docs: api/compression.md

Advanced usage of compression allows users to [compress chunks
manually](/compression/compress_chunk), instead of automatically as they age.

Compressed chunks have the following limitations:
  - Constraints are restricted to compression `SEGMENTBY` columns when
    applicable. Otherwise they are unsupported.
  - `ROW LEVEL SECURITY` is not supported.

> 

Reviewer: This should be added here and not under 2.3  (see my comment below for line 42 onwards)

>     - Unique constraints (`UNIQUE`) are restricted to compression `SEGMENTBY`
>       and `ORDER BY` columns.
>     - Primary Keys (`PRIMARY KEY`) are restricted to compression `SEGMENTBY`
>       and `ORDER BY` columns.

### Restrictions

> The current version does not fully support altering or inserting data into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current version does not fully support altering or modifying data in
```

    applicable. Otherwise they are unsupported.
  
### Restrictions

> The current version does not fully support altering or modifying data in
> compressed chunks. The data can be queried without any modifications, however
> if you need to backfill or update data in a compressed chunk you will need to

Reviewer 2: This confuses me. Backfill doesn't _require_ that users decompress first... correct? Could we maybe just be more straight forward:

```suggestion
As of TimescaleDB 2.3, users _can_ insert new data into compressed hypertable chunks. However, updating or deleting existing data in a compressed chunk still requires that you decompress the chunk, perform your data
modifications, and then compress the chunk again.
existing 
```

Reviewer 2: I'm also torn now that I read the next section. It seems like we're repeating things a few times said different ways which is a little confusing to me. Is it better to maybe just put a table in here that says:

### Restrictions

In general, compressing a hypertable does impose some limitations on the types of data modifications that can occur on data inside a compressed chunk. The table below provides a brief outline of allowed modifications based on the version of TimescaleDB you are currently running.

| TimescaleDB Version | Supported data modifications on compressed chunks |
|----------------------|----------------------------|
|  1.6 - 2.0 | Data and schema modifications supported. |
| 2.1-2.2 | Schema may be modified on compressed hypertables. Data modification not supported |
| 2.3 | Schema modifications and basic insert of new data is allowed. Deleting, updating, and some advanced insert statements are not supported |

Thoughts @Loquacity ??

Author: I've added the table.

such compressed hypertables.

Starting with TimescaleDB 2.3, users have the ability to insert data into
compressed chunks, and enable compression policies on distributed hypertables.

Altering data of compressed chunks still has some limitations:
  - You cannot execute `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statements on compressed chunks.
  - `INSERT` is not fully supported on compressed chunks:

>     - You cannot use the `ON CONFLICT` clause (upserts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You cannot use the `ON CONFLICT` clause  i.e. upserts are not supported.
```

    - You cannot use the `OVERRIDING` clause.
    - You cannot use the `RETURNING` clause.
  - Triggers are not fully supported when inserting into compressed chunks:
    - You cannot use `AFTER INSERT` row-level triggers (`FOR EACH ROW`).

>   - Constraints are not fully supported:

Reviewer: The constraints section is not specific to 2.3 (Constraints are not fully supported and what follows it). It should be moved to the earlier Restrictions section (line 15)

Advanced usage of compression allows users to [compress chunks
manually](/compression/compress_chunk), instead of automatically as they age.

Compressed chunks have the following limitations:
- `ROW LEVEL SECURITY` is not supported.
- Constraints are not fully supported:
    - Unique constraints (`UNIQUE`) are restricted to compression `SEGMENTBY`
      and `ORDER BY` columns.
    - Primary Keys (`PRIMARY KEY`) are restricted to compression `SEGMENTBY`
      and `ORDER BY` columns.
    - Constraints are restricted to compression `SEGMENTBY` columns when
    applicable. Otherwise they are unsupported.
  
### Restrictions

> In general, compressing a hypertable does impose some limitations on the types
> of data modifications that can occur on data inside a compressed chunk. The
> table below provides a brief outline of allowed modifications based on the
> version of TimescaleDB you are currently running.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In general, compressing a hypertable does impose some limitations on the types
of data modifications that can occur on data inside a compressed chunk. 
The table below provides a brief outline of allowed modifications 
based on the version of TimescaleDB you are currently running.
```

|TimscaleDB Version|Supported data modifications on compressed chunks|
|---|---|

> | 1.6 - 2.0 | Data and schema modifications supported. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 1.5 - 2.0 | Data and schema modifications supported. |
```

| 2.1 - 2.2 | Schema may be modified on compressed hypertables. Data modification not supported. |

> | 2.3 | Schema modifications and basic insert of new data is allowed. Deleting, updating and some advanced insert statements are not supported |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| 2.3 | Schema modifications and basic insert of new data are allowed. Deleting, updating and some advanced insert statements are not supported. |
```

Starting with TimescaleDB 2.1, users have the ability to modify the schema
of hypertables that have compressed chunks.
Specifically, you can add columns to and rename existing columns of 
such compressed hypertables.

> Starting with TimescaleDB 2.3, users have the ability to insert data into
> compressed chunks, and enable compression policies on distributed hypertables.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Starting with TimescaleDB 2.3, users have the ability to insert data into compressed chunks 
and to enable compression policies on distributed hypertables.
```

Author: I kind of disagree with this grammar suggestion. I think the oxford comma and parallel prepositions are used correctly here for technical documentation purposes.
Sources:
https://www.rd.com/article/oxford-comma-proper-use/
https://www.grammarly.com/blog/parallel-structure-prepositions/

Author: Scratch the parallel prepositions one. That needs fixing.

Altering data of compressed chunks still has some limitations:
  - You cannot execute `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statements on compressed chunks.
  - `INSERT` is not fully supported on compressed chunks:
    - You cannot use the `ON CONFLICT` clause  i.e. upserts are not supported.
    - You cannot use the `OVERRIDING` clause.
    - You cannot use the `RETURNING` clause.
  - Triggers are not fully supported when inserting into compressed chunks:

>     - You cannot use `AFTER INSERT` row-level triggers (`FOR EACH ROW`).

Reviewer 5: unique constraints not supported either

Author: Those are in line 16, but they should probably be moved further down.

### Restrictions

The current version does not fully support altering or inserting data into
compressed chunks. The data can be queried without any modifications, however
if you need to backfill or update data in a compressed chunk you will need to
decompress the chunk(s) first.

Starting with TimescaleDB 2.1, users have the ability to modify the schema
of hypertables that have compressed chunks.
Specifically, you can add columns to and rename existing columns of 
such compressed hypertables.

Starting with TimescaleDB 2.3, users have the ability to insert data into
compressed chunks, and enable compression policies on distributed hypertables.

> 

Reviewer: I would rewrite this part a bit.  The general restrictions and limitations around inserts are combined together here.
For 2.3. section (this paragraph) , I would just add this blob and move all the other restrictions (about type of constraints and row level security) further up as these haven't been supported since day 1.
```
There are however some limitations to inserting into compressed chunks. Specifically,
- upserts are not supported
- RETURNING clause is not supported
-  After Insert row triggers are not supported.
-  Inserts into chunks with primary key or unique constraints is not supported.
```

Altering data of compressed chunks still has some limitations:
  - You cannot execute `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statements on compressed chunks.
  - `INSERT` is not fully supported on compressed chunks:

>     - you cannot use the `ON CONFLICT` clause (upserts).
>     - you cannot use the `OVERRIDING` clause.
>     - you cannot use the `RETURNING` clause.
>   - Triggers are not fully supported when inserting into compressed chunks:
>     - you cannot use `AFTER INSERT` row-level triggers (`FOR EACH ROW`).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
    - You cannot use the `ON CONFLICT` clause (upserts).
    - You cannot use the `OVERRIDING` clause.
    - You cannot use the `RETURNING` clause.
  - Triggers are not fully supported when inserting into compressed chunks:
    - You cannot use `AFTER INSERT` row-level triggers (`FOR EACH ROW`).
```
